Add keepequal and dropequal relabeling config support (#3037)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

> - Add keepequal and dropequal relabeling config support (@ctovena)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flow: Add keepequal and dropequal relabeling config support (@ctovena)
```

> - Flow: Add keepequal and dropequal relabeling config support (@ctovena)

Reviewer: sorry, one more suggestion 😛 

```suggestion
- Flow: Support `keepequal` and `dropequal` actions for relabeling. (@ctovena)
```
